Let Me Die
How could it be?
This old man's right move, you actually didn't die
He Yixing
Prove that I'm not a ninja
I'm just an ordinary little bodyguard
You fart
You got slapped and didn't die, that's your life
It doesn't mean you're not Dongying lackey
Young man God knows what method you used
Did you deliberately hide your skills?
Xiaofan, are you alright?
Do you want me to call an ambulance for you?
It's okay, Mr. Gao, don't worry.
I will take you out safely
Young man, although you don't have any martial arts skills
But you still have a spy agreement
The old man still wants to send you on your way
Humph
I have clearly proved that I am not a ninja
You have to kill them all.
This is how you become the City Lord Protector
The old man would rather kill a thousand by mistake
Never let a bad guy go
Since you say you are innocent
Then prove it with your life
Elder Yuntao
It was all caused by a dart
Don't rush to kill
I'll handle it, Gao Xiaoyun.
If you are willing to serve me comfortably
I'll catch you now
Otherwise die well
Elder Yuntao, right?
Then let's see the real chapter under our hands
I can only find a way
Try not to alarm Cao Ying's attendance
Are you crazy?
Do you know who my uncle is?
He is the top three experts in Jinhai City
kid
If you can weigh me down in a while, I can't die
I can let you out of here
Zhang Yuntao, are you crazy?
The man who dares to touch the old lady
I gave you face, right?